Document 'agents' in List Archives (#629)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/index.mdx

| `filters.query`                                       | No       | `string`  |                                                                                           |
| `filters.date_from`                                   | No       | `string`  | `YYYY-MM-DD` format                                                                       |
| `filters.date_to`                                     | No       | `string`  | `YYYY-MM-DD` format                                                                       |

> | `filters.agents.<filter_type>`                        | No       | `any`     |  `exists` = `false` will return unassigned chats, while `true` will return assigned       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filters.agents.<filter_type>`                        | No       | `any`     |  `exists` see to `false` will return unassigned chats; `true` will return the assigned ones.       |
```
